How come that blood on your shirt sleeve, my son? My son, come telling to me.
It is the blood of my own brother dear that works in the fields with me.
What did you kill him for, my son?
My son, come telling to me.
I killed him for cutting yonders bush that might have made a tree.
What will you do when your father comes home, my son, come telling to me?
I'll set my foot on yonder's ship to sail across the sea.
What will you do when your children three, my son, come telling to me?
I'll leave them here with my own mother dear to keep her company.
What will you do with your pretty little wife?
My son come telling to me.
I'll take her by her lily white hand to sail along with me.
When you're coming back to see your children three, my son, come telling to me?
Whenever the sun sets into yonder green hill
And that will never be.